Hello everyone and welcome to the project exercise lecture for the regression with SPARK section of
the course.
For this project you will be given a dataset containing customer information for a typical e-commerce
company.
This is just artificial data but given a set of features for a particular customer I want you to create
a regression model to try to predict the yearly amount expenditure how much money this customer will
spend in a typical year.
Let's go ahead and explore the data and take a look at your exercise script.
All jump to the text editor now and open up those files.
Here I am at the editor under your regression folder the files you'll need to actually grab are the
Lin Regg exercise thought scul a script that should look something like this will just be a bunch of
comments and then the data file will be working with the e-commerce customers file and note that it
may or may not show an extension of CSP.
More likely than not it won't show that that CXXVI extension.
So keep that in mind when you actually read in the file.
If we take a look at this if customers are e-commerce customers file you'll notice that basically it's
a list of emails addresses some avatar information and then some numerical information.
How much time they spent on a Web site.
How much time is spent on an app.
The length of their membership and then their yearly amount spent which is how much money they actually
spent in a year.
This is what you're trying to predict given some features that are on the left here.
You will go ahead and grab this Liberec exercised Skala and complete the commented tasks below.
Now I don't expect you to have all the tasks memorized.
As far as how to actually import Linaria Russian object how to set up your data frame correctly.
So what I would advise you to do is to open up the line Reg walk through that Skala script the script
that we've been going over in the past two lectures and use that as a template or guide to help you
fill out the tasks in this Lendrick exercise that Skala.
You also have a full solution script under underlain.
Exercise solutions that Skala and that script is what we're going to be going over in the next lecture.
If you have any questions feel free to post to the Q&A forums and I'll be happy to help you out.
I hope you enjoy this.
This is your first exercise using Spark's machine learning capabilities.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.